README.md, before:

# serverless-offline-sns
A serverless plugin to listen to offline SNS and call lambda fns with events.

[![serverless](http://public.serverless.com/badges/v3.svg)](http://www.serverless.com)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/serverless-offline-sns.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/serverless-offline-sns)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](#contributing)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)


## Docs
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Configure](#configure)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributions and Issues](#contributions-and-issues)

For an example of a working application please see [serverless-offline-sns-example](https://github.com/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns-example)

## Prerequisites

This plugin provides an SNS server configured automatically without you specifying an endpoint.

If you'd rather use your own endpoint, e.g. from your AWS account or a [localstack](https://github.com/localstack/localstack) SNS server endpoint, you can put it in the custom config. See below for details.

## Installation

Install the plugin
```bash
npm install serverless-offline-sns --save
```

Let serverless know about the plugin
```YAML
plugins:
  - serverless-offline-sns
```

Configure the plugin with your offline SNS endpoint, host to listen on, and a free port the plugin can use.

```YAML
custom:
  serverless-offline-sns:
    port: 4002 # a free port for the sns server to run on
    debug: false
    # host: 0.0.0.0 # Optional, defaults to 127.0.0.1. Useful for Docker on OSX
    # sns-endpoint: http://127.0.0.1:4567 # Optional. Only if you want to use a custom endpoint
```

If setting the *host* parameter as above, follow best security practice and ensure that your port is only visible to trusted programs. If using Docker on OSX, this will be the case in most circumstances.

If you are using the [serverless-offline](https://github.com/dherault/serverless-offline) plugin serverless-offline-sns will start automatically. If you are not using this plugin you can run the following command instead:
```bash
serverless offline-sns start
```

## Configure

Configure your function handlers with events as described in the [Serverless SNS Documentation](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/events/sns/)

Here's an example `serverless.yml` config which calls a function on an SNS notifcation. Note that the offline-sns plugin will automatically pick up this config, subscribe to the topic and call the handler on an SNS notification.

```YAML
functions:
  pong:
    handler: handler.pong
    events:
      - sns: test-topic
```

Or you can use the exact ARN of the topic:
```YAML
functions:
  pong:
    handler: handler.pong
    events:
      - sns:
        arn: "arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:test-topic"
```

Here's a demo of some code that will trigger this handler:

```javascript
var AWS = require("aws-sdk"); // must be npm installed to use
var sns = new AWS.SNS({
  endpoint: "http://127.0.0.1:4002",
  region: "us-east-1",
});
sns.publish({
  Message: "hello!",
  MessageStructure: "json",
  TopicArn: "arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:test-topic",
}, () => {
  console.log("ping");
});
```

## Usage

If you use [serverless-offline](https://github.com/dherault/serverless-offline) this plugin will start automatically.

However if you don't use serverless-offline you can start this plugin manually with -
```bash
serverless offline-sns start
```

## Contributions and Issues

Happy to accept contributions, [feature requests](https://github.com/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns/issues) and [issues](https://github.com/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns/issues).

Commit message:

Modified the setup to default to the --host option given to serverless-offline, and updated the documentation.

README.md, after:

# serverless-offline-sns
A serverless plugin to listen to offline SNS and call lambda fns with events.

[![serverless](http://public.serverless.com/badges/v3.svg)](http://www.serverless.com)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/serverless-offline-sns.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/serverless-offline-sns)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](#contributing)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)


## Docs
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Configure](#configure)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributions and Issues](#contributions-and-issues)

For an example of a working application please see [serverless-offline-sns-example](https://github.com/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns-example)

## Prerequisites

This plugin provides an SNS server configured automatically without you specifying an endpoint.

If you'd rather use your own endpoint, e.g. from your AWS account or a [localstack](https://github.com/localstack/localstack) SNS server endpoint, you can put it in the custom config. See below for details.

## Installation

Install the plugin
```bash
npm install serverless-offline-sns --save
```

Let serverless know about the plugin
```YAML
plugins:
  - serverless-offline-sns
```

Configure the plugin with your offline SNS endpoint, host to listen on, and a free port the plugin can use.

```YAML
custom:
  serverless-offline-sns:
    port: 4002 # a free port for the sns server to run on
    debug: false
    # host: 0.0.0.0 # Optional, defaults to 127.0.0.1 if not provided to serverless-offline
    # sns-endpoint: http://127.0.0.1:4567 # Optional. Only if you want to use a custom endpoint
```

In normal operation, if the *--host* option is provided when starting serverless-offline, then the plugin will also use that host. The *host* parameter as shown above may be provided to override this behavior.

If running under Docker on OSX, the *--host* option to serverless-offline should be set to the "any" host (0.0.0.0), as open ports on the container are not routed internally to 127.0.0.1 (localhost). This is generally safe, as open container ports are only visible to the host system via localhost.

If you are using the [serverless-offline](https://github.com/dherault/serverless-offline) plugin serverless-offline-sns will start automatically. If you are not using this plugin you can run the following command instead:
```bash
serverless offline-sns start
```

## Configure

Configure your function handlers with events as described in the [Serverless SNS Documentation](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/events/sns/)

Here's an example `serverless.yml` config which calls a function on an SNS notifcation. Note that the offline-sns plugin will automatically pick up this config, subscribe to the topic and call the handler on an SNS notification.

```YAML
functions:
  pong:
    handler: handler.pong
    events:
      - sns: test-topic
```

Or you can use the exact ARN of the topic:
```YAML
functions:
  pong:
    handler: handler.pong
    events:
      - sns:
        arn: "arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:test-topic"
```

Here's a demo of some code that will trigger this handler:

```javascript
var AWS = require("aws-sdk"); // must be npm installed to use
var sns = new AWS.SNS({
  endpoint: "http://127.0.0.1:4002",
  region: "us-east-1",
});
sns.publish({
  Message: "hello!",
  MessageStructure: "json",
  TopicArn: "arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:test-topic",
}, () => {
  console.log("ping");
});
```

## Usage

If you use [serverless-offline](https://github.com/dherault/serverless-offline) this plugin will start automatically.

However if you don't use serverless-offline you can start this plugin manually with -
```bash
serverless offline-sns start
```

## Contributions and Issues

Happy to accept contributions, [feature requests](https://github.com/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns/issues) and [issues](https://github.com/mj1618/serverless-offline-sns/issues).
